# be534_project
My final project for class BE434/534 is to create a gmae called 1A2B(Bulls and Cows).

## Introduction
1A2B is the name of this game that I learned long time ago. However, when I searched for some basic definitions of this game, I found it also have other names, like Bulls and Cows, or Bagels. There are some very minor differences between these names:

1A2B: It is usually played with guessing a 4-digit number.

Bulls and Cows: It is usually played with guessing a 4-digit number or a 4-letter word.

Bagels: It is usually played with guessing a 3-digit number.

Other than those differences, they are basically the same. Therefore, I decided to focus on 1A2B game as my final project since it is the game that I played when I was young. :)

## Rule
The program will create a random 4-digit secret number and the digits will all be different. (Four is the default value, but you can change it in the game setting.) The player needs to guess this number, and the program will give the clues while the player is guessing. If the matching digits are in the right positions, the program will treat them as "A", if in different positions, the program will treat them as "B". For example:

* Random secret number generated by the program: 1234
* The player's guess: 0213
* The clues from the program: 1A2B

One "A" is from the digit 2 in the right position, and two "B" are from 1 and 3 that they are in the number but in the different positions.

## Setup
There are three optional arguments you can have as the inputs to setup the game:

-d/--digits: Number of digits to play, default: 4 digits

-t/--times: Number of guesses allowed, default: 10 times

-s/--seed: Random seed, default: None (This input is not needed if you do not want to have the same secret number to guess.)

## Restrictions on the guess input
There are three restrictions on the guess that the player can input:

1. The input can only be the integer number. The other characters are not allowed.
2. The number of digits in the input should be the same as the one the player uses when setting up the game.
3. No duplicate digits are allowed. All the digits in the input should be different.

Let's have fun and play the game!